so recently we sent our intrepid
reporter Jason Jones out to the field to
explore the phenomena of a certain
Washington DC
football team's controversial name we
learned later but some of the
individuals who participate in the piece
they didn't enjoy the experience it's
something that happens a lot less than
you would think
but we take the complaint seriously we
genuinely don't want people who
participate in the show to have a bad
experience we work very hard to find
real people who have real beliefs and
want to express those beliefs on
television and we work hard to make sure
that the gist of those beliefs are
represented accurately albeit sometimes
comedic ly on our program if we find out
that someone in a piece was
intentionally misled or if their
comments were intentionally
misrepresented we do not air that piece
we would not air that piece so that
being said I hope you enjoy the
following piece and once again the
Washington Redskins are getting their
ass kicked but this time instead of
cowboys and Patriots it's by liberal
activists a move is underway to change
the name critics say it's offensive to
Native Americans but according to Chief
Daniel Snyder of Redskin nation the only
crime his people have committed is being
misunderstood the name of our team is
the name of our team and it represents
honored represents pride to represents
respect well that doesn't sound that bad
so why was this group of Native American
activists so upset so named that impairs
disables disenfranchises our population
the most popular mascots in the country
are Indians and animals right because we
all love animals and we all love Indians
we're not mascot mascot for us it's a
dictionary defined racial slur yeah but
that's according to what the dictionary
okay but plenty of words in the
dictionary have multiple meanings it
just turns out this one doesn't
help me out white man taken out of
context you can take things out of
context of all over the place but in
this particular case it is what it is
it's very obvious that the name really
means honor offering what you're strong
proud courageous brave heritage Redskin
is a bounty and mint proof of Indian
kill well when you put it like that it
sounds terrible
put it in context on Sundays in
Saturday's and Friday nights and Monday
I don't II see every day in Thursday
nights do you know what it's like to be
a native or girls town
I don't terrible to walk down the street
every single day and be surrounded by
that imagery and being told to get over
it because coz coz coz you know just cuz
I'm uncomfortable doesn't mean you have
to make fun of my uncomfortableness you
don't see me doing that to people sure
these Native American activists make a
compelling case that is until you hear
what's at stake for the true victims the
fans if the Redskins name has changed
and I have children one day what would I
pass on to them it'd be tough that'd be
like losing a family member and they've
already lost so much fifty eight
starting quarterbacks twenty-eight head
coaches twelve uniforms with ten logos
playing in five stadiums in two cities
and they even change their name once
before so forgive them for clinging to
what few traditions remain now I have an
older computer I've pulled it up on
Netscape but it seems like you didn't
say the word the scalpel it says wampum
Tim oh so so the song changed obviously
that was changed for sensitivity reasons
and the team's sensitivity has paid off
I mean right here on the home page of
the website Daniel Snyder paid for it
says that in 2004 a poll found that 90%
of Native Americans did not find the
name offensive oh the Annenberg report
well the funny thing about the Annenberg
report is that it was conducted in
Pennsylvania by self identifying
indigenous people which means it could
have been anybody off the street that
says oh yeah my great-great-great
grandmother was a Cherokee princess come
on who would do that
my great-great grandfather's full-blood
Cherokee is showing us you guys
or any native-american right what do you
got any Cherokee but I have no idea how
much our little right I'm actually 112
112 Cherokee as 112 Cherokee I am not
offended which meant that there was only
one question for the other
eleven-twelfths aren't you being a
little sensitive after every single
thing that American Indian people have
been through how can you possibly say
that we are thin-skinned and
oversensitive we have to say things like
cultural sensitivity because as soon as
we say racism or racist
no one said racist no one said racism
the tournament's racist stop okay I'm
shutting this conversation down
okay so Redskin all right the Washington
team name was starting to feel a little
insensitive what was I missing what I
would say is come to a football game
meet some fans come see what our context
is about and I think you know you
there's just no way you would leave that
offended so I went to a game and you
know what it was true I was immediately
welcomed into this rich culture and I'm
not sure what it was but the more time I
spent with these people the more I began
to feel
and happy and know then they were right
that logo is cool but then I met with
tribal elders this is our culture this
is who we are
would you call the Native American
Redskin do you know any Native Americans
yeah
but eight of them am I not a Native
American was I not born in this country
that's right this was a culture so proud
they didn't even want their faces on TV
even after they had signed our release
forms I went to a game let me ask you if
you brought a Native American wouldn't
they be a little upset I think sometimes
the conversation that's happening right
now is that we need to be seeing down
talking to the people that actually are
offended and a little later we did just
that but it turns out these fans weren't
comfortable having that conversation
in fact afterward they relate to the
Washington Post that they felt ambushed
in danger and defamed and yes the
conversation was heated at times but
there was also handshakes and even the
ceremonial hankerchief in the end they
said they still would have gone on the
show had they known there would be a
debate but at least one of them wouldn't
have worn his Redskins jacket which
forces the question if they changed the
team name would you still root for them
absolutely ethically I wouldn't hide my
Redskins memorabilia it'd still be on
the walls and the belt would still be on
the shoulder and they'll always be
Redskins to me
there we go problem solved hey he who
stands on the wrong side of history
changed the name
you